# Summary
During the project, I observed no significant difference between commands, key bindings, or configuration files. Sometimes there was only a slight variance between names or commands. In scripting differences, one would have to be careful as iteration starts at different points. Furthermore, bash is an older scripting language and thus resources and functions are more accessible in that language. Completion and prompt are unquestionably better in zsh shell as there is more customization available and if we are true fans of that scripting language, we can customize almost everything we would like to, whereas in bash this is not possible. The biggest surprise was performance. This is where I had to spend most time during the project as my research showed me that I had to restrict my project to the mac users only specifically in this category. The reason behind that is the version of bash. The current version of bash is bash-5.1, whereas on mac the version it stopped at 3.2.57 due to licensing. With version 4.0, bash changed their licensing to GPLv3, which is not supported by Apple. With that note, zsh outperforms bash on mac in every category with a few exceptions. Therefore, it concludes that overall zsh shell is notable better scripting language than bash on macOS. However, if you need to write a script, there is a high chance that this script already exists in bash, or it can be constructed based on available resources. Hence, the decision about the choice of the scripting language should be made depending on the task we need to complete. Nevertheless, Windows users should benchmark their performance and then use the rest facts from the project to determine which shell is better for them as well as take into consideration what kind of task they need to accomplish. 
